alright next up we have raiders four
life sucka
me sup Johnny sorry for the way but
I'm saying this on every video I was the
box 74 lets you pick sorry for the wait
i have no idea what's going on hopefully
these videos get up soon one pack up a
mountain mega killed alright let me get
face to the front Chris Bosh 11 of 199
anthony randolph 199 Andre egg we a
dolla 99 just like okay yeah Carmelo
aunt a whole this next cards got some
some good players and some nice patches
number 2 99 see if we can see these Kobe
Bryant all tangled Dwyane Wade and
LeBron James triple game-used patches
that's a nice hit right there for sure
oh this one's numbered 8 of 10 8 of 10
so 24 23 nothing leads 3 Chris Bosh nice
patch auto hang another patch three
patches 2 of 10 on the Chris Bosh and
Jordan Hill patch auto probably 25 yeah
nine of 25 you got a box full of patchy
that's weird how some of them have all
patches of some don't have any but
anyway there you have it Johnny I
appreciate it man sorry for the wait I
hope you liked it we'll see you later